

	ECommerce Online Shopping

	SRS Document:

	Requirement Specification:
		Introduction:The software requirement specification document provides an complete overview of entire srs with purpose, requirements, 			scope, manual,references 
		Scope:This system allows the customer to maintain their cart for add/remove their product.




	Objective:Analyze and provide overview to the software product by defining problem statement in detail.
		
	
	        Functional Requirement :
			Product Catalog:Various products can be viewed. Main purpose is to search for specific products according to different 				categories so a customer can browse through different product categories.
		
			Shopping Cart:  an individual product can be selected to add/remove in the virtual shopping cart.
			
			Payment Processing: To proceed with the purchase customer can select any mode of payment/ payment gateway.
			
			Billing:On successfull order placement, invoice will be generated for printing or customer will get the invoice on his 						registered email.
			
			Wishlist: Customer can add/remove his liked product which they want to purchase in future.
			
			Delivery(Shipping):The product will be delievered by the available deleivery partner within a estimated period.
			
			OrderProcessing: Customer can track the product at every stage.Customer can also cancel their  order before final delivery.
			
			CRM: Customer can give feedback, complaints at this portal.
			
			BI: Customers can view the summary of their purchase history, sales/revenue report on the dashboard.
			
			Recommendation:Products will pop on customer's browser screen according to his preferences.
			
			Reviews: Customers can provide their feedbacks regarding different products.
			
			Profile: Customer can update his profile.
			

		NonFunctional Requirement :
			Security: To protect the system against various cyber attacks. 
			
			Reliability: The system should not experience critical failures like server down.
			
			Availability: Application should be available 24*7 for end-user.
			
			maintainability: The system should be maintained properly to provide seemless experience to customer.
			
			portability: System should be platform independent.The application can be accessed through various devices.
			
			accessibility: Unauthorized user can only browse the application. For purchasing any product user needs to login.
			
			durability: The customer can reach out his order history even after a particular period of inactivity.
			
			Scalability: If required more sections can be added to the application. 


			
	














