SRS Document: (Software Requirement Specification

	Requirement Specification:
		Introduction: 
						This is the SRS for our ecommerce application. it is website which is all about e shopping. it provides customers i.e user to purchase things without going to store. it will address the shopping related problems. vendors can upload their products and customer can buy.
		
		
		
		Objective:  
				This SRS document contains the detailed overview of our software , its parameters and goals.
				It also contains the purpose which fulfuill the requirement with respect to consumers.
		
		
		
		
		
		stakeholders : (USERS and BUSINESS)
					 Stakeholders are those with an interest in outcome. They are typically the members of a project team, project managers, executives, project sponsors, customers, and users.
					 
	
	        Functional Requirement :
					Product Catalog:
						This details include different category products with its  features,price and description.
						Also include the availability of particular products.
				
					Shopping Cart:
						Keep the Record of the items  a buyer has picked up from the online stores.
						Removing and adding of products.
					Payment Processing: 
						Software provides different modes of Payments-
										1) Cashless: -
										     -DEBIT/CREDIT CARDS
											 -Digital Wallet
											 -Internet Banking
										2) Cash On Delivery
						
					Billing:
						software provide Invoice. 
					Wishlist:
						Customers willings to buys laters.
						It allows Shoppers to create personlised collections  of products they want to buy and save them  for future references.
					Delivery(Shipping):
					     Sending out and receiving of goods at given address within specific time...like one day delivery ,two days delivery or instant delivery.
						
					OrderProcessing:
						It include the backend process from processing 
						a received order to  delievered it on time.
						Also contain the details of Refund orders
						,order Cancellation and return  policy.
							
					CRM: 
						 
						complete picture of all customer interaction ,
						Customer Helpline
					BI: 
						Business intelligence  include collecting data, analyzing the data with queries, creating data visualizations such as charts, and producing reports to be used by business decision-makers.
					
					Recommendation:
					     Software recommends the product according to customer 
						      past search.
						It also recommend the products according to Seasons ,Sales;
							
					Reviews, 
						It includes the customer feedback.
					Profile:
					    Contain user details .
								1) Name
								2) Contact details
								3) Shipping Address
								4) Orders
								5) Saved Cards
								6) 
								
						
					

		NonFunctional Requirement :
			Security : 
					 Payment details   will be encrypted by using different encryption techniques.
					   
			Reliability:
						Software perfomance should be efficient in all scenerios of operation.
						
			Availability:
						All functions can be accessed whenever it requires. 
			maintainability:
							Software should be  upgrade whenever there is a requirement. 
			portability :
						How effectively our system going to perform in different environment.
						It is able to move from one platform to other platform.
			accessibility:
							Contents and Functions  are fully available for all authorised customers.
							Available in multiple language.
						
			durability :    
							How our System effectively going to handle robustness?
						
			Scalability  :
						Software is capable to handle more requests.
						Any Amount of traffic can be easily managed.


			
	
